# Code book


> Introduction

####        This document is about a final project of 'Getting and Cleaning Data' of Data Science program.  This code book contains information about the experiment conducted, the variables of used in data, and how I collect and reshape the data. 
        
## About the experiment where the data collected from
 
        The data is about records of human activity recognized by waist-mounted smartphone(Samsun Galaxy S2).  The experiment was carried with 30 subjects, and recorded activity is categorized into six.  According to provided information, collected data was divieded into two sets, they are saved under names of 'test' and 'train' 
        
## Study design
 
        The raw data for this analysis was collected and downloaded from UCI Machine Learning Repository. Here is provided downloadable link http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones.  
        Original datasets are also available in 'data' directory in this repository.  In this directory, there are sub-directory called 'UCI HAR Dataset' which is original datasets downloaded from the link above, and a tidy data file called 'avgTidyDt.txt'.  This tidy data is generated by the script 'run_analysis.R' written by myself.  Some details about how I write the codes are explained thoroughly in that script.  Original data used for this analysis are located in sub-directories of 'UCI HAR Dataset', 'test' and 'train'.  In these directories, there are :
        1. data about subjects of the experiment
        2. data about activities performed by subjects
        3. data about measurements
        4. a folder names 'Inertial Signals'
        The folder also contains observational data, but they are excluded.  Thus, data 1,2, and 3 are used for this analysis.  Variable names of main data file(3) were found in 'features.txt'.  In addition, information about performed activities corresponding to numbers in the data(2) were stored in the file names 'activity_labels.txt'
        
## Description for variables of "newTidyDt.txt"

Variable        |Description
----------------|------------------------------------------------
subject         |each number representing differnet subjects
activity        |six different activities performed
.mean           |mean value
.std            |standard deviation
.meanFreq       |weighted average of the frequency components to obtain a mean frequency
.XYZ            |3-axial signals in the X, Y, and Z directions
